remarkably he seems to be welcome here
he's now a junior member of the gang but
they're not the only frame he needs to
leave lively characters pop artist
[Music]
they won't walk
they hop
supply the creature
[Music]
when the Warthog lies down it's a signal
to the mortgage it means he wants to be
groomed the manga sets to work removing
dry or flaky skin and ferreting out
parasites like ticks and fleas they may
act a skin therapist but they don't go
easy on that client it's for their own
good and the Mongoose get'em Lila's
payment and they reach the part that the
warthogs feel to reach when they finally
finish some very happy customers are
left behind who's next
they seem to think that spy warthog is
in need of a full-body treatment they
allow the Satnam he assumes the grooming
position and the Mongoose set to work
giving him an intimate perspective of an
extraordinary partnership